docs: integrate README and FAQ (#2895)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/faq.md

- control the Kubernetes services, that is the entry points for your
  applications

**Should I manually resync a former primary with the new one following a
failover?**

No. The operator does that automatically for you, and relies on `pg_rewind` to
synchronize the former primary with the new one.

**Are there any other operators for Postgres out there?**

Yes, of course. And our advice is that you look at all of them and compare

> them with CloudNativePG before forming your decision. You will see that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
them with CloudNativePG before taking your decision. You will see that
```

most of these operators use an external failover management tool (Patroni

> or similar) and rely on stateful sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or similar) and rely on StatefulSets.
```

We proved that this extreme architectural pattern works when we benchmarked
[running PostgreSQL on bare metal Kubernetes with local persistent
volumes](https://www.2ndquadrant.com/en/blog/local-persistent-volumes-and-postgresql-usage-in-kubernetes/).
A current limitation of CloudNativePG, which will be overcome in version 1.22,

> is the lack of support for tablespaces so that horizontal partitioning can be
> easily implemented.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is the lack of support for tablespaces. Once tablespaces are available, horizontal partitioning can be
easily implemented.
```
